# Project Overview
This site contains a brief overview of the "guard position" - specifically the variant known as "open guard - in the sport of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu(BJJ). The site contains five .html files, two local .css files and third, web-based .css file (containing bootstrap css), as well as one .js file.
## Files
* index.html: Homepage featuring image of the open guard position from a competition. Nav bar includes links to all the pages on the site.
* setup.html: Features three videos explaining methods for entering the open guard position, both from standing and on the ground, along with a list of common mistakes.
* submissions.html: Three videos featuring submissions from open guard, including the trianlge choke and the omoplata (shoulder lock using legs).
* sweeps.html: Three videos of sweeps (reversal techniques) from the open guard. Videos are featured both in embeded format, as well as in the form on links from a HTML table.
* guard.html: Text base intro explaining the guard position, features an image of closed guard from a competition.
* style.css: Contains CSS styling not rendered via Sass.
* ./sass/extra.css: Contains CSS styling rendered via Sass.
*  ./sass/extra.sass: Contains Sass file used to render the CSS file listed above.
*  ./sass/extra.css.map: File used to map the Sass to CSS (autogenerated by Sass).
*  https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/3.3.7/css/bootstrap.min.css : Minfied version of bootstrap.
*  video.js: The file also has one .js file for the purposes of displaying embeded "bootstrap-friendly", repsonsive YouTube videos.
*  README.md: The markdown file you are currently reading [most recursive entry in this list! : ) ].